joining us today is Marcus Smith
creative director at in I'm totally
gonna pay for tickets to cowboys and
pokemon that looked at me as a welcome I
know a guy that's starred in it who
would hook you up it's good it's good
it's good stuff I'm seriously brought us
some footage today yeah back on track
where the whole time but it's actually
the furthest footage that we've seen in
the game so far so you can us where we
are a little bit and how we got here
yeah we're showing you a section of the
game that takes place a little bit
further along your journey to New York
this is a little bit of section in
Pennsylvania it's a little it further
from what we showed when we talk to you
guys at the last time but this is an
area that's you kind of fall literally
into an Appalachian mountain into a
forest region and you're being hunted
down through mine shafts and eventually
you'll get yourself caught out on a
bridge here that will show in a minute
right you're looking at an upgraded
Magnum there too with the split shots of
everything well let's talk about the
weapons your games have them and you
don't leave their awesome so what can we
talk about the weapons that we have
right here well it resistance 3 is a
shooter and therefore it has gun yes is
true we have a lot of guns we have about
half returning weapons from resistance
one and two and half brand new weapons
so what you're seeing right now is the
wildfire it's a rocket launcher it's a
come here in rocket launcher now you're
seeing the dead i and that's an upgraded
attribute of the Dead Eye that allows
you to headshot guys a lot more easily
it actually highlights their heads
right there is a halt fire for the
Wildfire which will drop down rain fire
as I believe people have been saying
it's also got a lock on feature so that
you can try to take down your enemies a
lot easier and you're fighting a
dropship out here and it's it's pretty
brutal the bridge is falling apart all
around you you know fire and brimstone
as they say powerful weapons how do you
kind of make the game fair well that's a
very good question it's it's got a
constant balance that we have to do
we're trying to make this very grounded
game and yet we have all these exotic
weapons and I think the main thing is
for us it's player choice you decide
when you want to be able to choose user
weapons you don't have infinite ammo so
you really need to decide how and when
you want to use each weapon and you know
again the idea is you have access to all
the weapons at all the time with quick
select so you can make short work or you
can really try to experiment figure out
weapons and combinations I like
experimentation personally but I've
heard that about you yes you're correct
everything you've heard and deep bowels
of comic-con are all true and speak of
the player choice I think one of the
things that player gives players the
most choice multiplayer and co-op it
lets them do it really their own thing
so what can people expect from in those
types of things in this game well we
have full co-op through the campaign in
for co-op so that's always fun it's fun
to tackle the setups that you know and
love from the single player with two
people with multiplayer we have we've
really taken player choice to an extreme
and we have these full load outs we have
abilities we have all of our weapons
returning and you you're able to upgrade
a lot of the ability as well but really
crafting your loadout to your play style
is what it's all about alright Adam are
so
when are we going to be able to play the
game sep tember six right around the
corner right around the corner September
sex thank you so much for coming yeah
he's great